we begin in Gaza where more than 100
Palestinians have been killed in an
Israeli attack on a school in Gaza City
displaced people who were Sheltering at
the school in daraj District were
offering morning prayers before the
building was struck by several missiles
this is the eighth time Israel has
attacked a school in just a month each
time the Israeli Army has claimed Hamas
uses such schools for military and
operational purposes but during the 10
months of this war Israel has never
provided any
evidence Israel as usual didn't give us
any warning it strikes regardless of
whether there are children women young
people or old people they are peaceful
people in the mosque one of God's houses
there were people praying there were
people washing and there were people
upstairs sleeping including children
women and old people the missile fell on
them without warning the first missile
and then the second missile we recovered
them as body
parts this school is housing nearly
4,000 people what can these poor people
do where will they go will they be left
on the street everyone is a target
whether here or elsewhere we're all at
risk